Here are some quick reminders on how to set up for Alan development.

Cygwin:
        - install cygwin, ensure you have selected xemacs/emacs, cvs,
          gcc, mingw-runtime, gdb, make. I also use mintty as a
          replacement for the Windows Command window.

        - Xemacs: current xemacs does not seem to have been configured
          with the packages I wanted and it didn't support configuring
          the packages the way it was described in the manual so I
          needed to copy the two mule-packages and emacs-packages from
          a packaged based installation that works (I have forgotten
          where...)

	- Emacs: I actually got GNU Emacs 23.x for Windows working with
          cygwin as its shell and command layer *and* xref, so now I'm
          using that. I found some hints on the net to setup Emacs,
          and I had to recompile xref using -mno-cygwin and a minor
          change of 'sleep' to 'Sleep' (the Windows version).

        - AnsiCon: I installed AnsiCon 1.24 which is a consol add on
          to make the XP and later consol show ansi coloring (nice
          when running jregr), but I am unsure if it is required when
          using mintty.

        - CGreen: To run unit tests you also need Cgreen. Cgreen needs
          cmake and flex, so install those using the cygwin
          installer. Download it somewhere, create a subdirectory
          'build', cd there, type 'ccmake ..'. This configures the
          cgreen make files for your environment. Find the static
          library option and turn it on. Type 'c' then 'g' and
          exit. Back at the command prompt type 'make', 'make install'
          and you should be done.

        - Xref: to refactor C code in emacs I use the free C/Java
          version from xref-tech. Download it, build and install it
          according to the instructions there in.

        - Hudson Tray Tracker helps me keep tabs on the continous
          integration builds.
          (http://code.google.com/p/hudson-tray-tracker/)

